# fitwinner


For more Technical Support or to request more information, please call +86 0755 36604684 (calling object: network Administrator), you can also send an email to: xxfsswsxnyair@gmail.com.

Terms of useLast updated: May 7, 2019Welcome to the Fitwinner software. In this clause, Fitwinner is sometimes referred to as "us" or "our".Please Fitwinner these Terms of Use carefully before using any Fitwinner software.By using any Fitwinner software, you are accepting these Terms of Use. If you do not accept these Terms of Use, you should not use the Fitwinner software.Please note that there may be special terms that apply to certain services or features offered on certain Fitwinner software. These terms are posted for applicable services or features. Any such terms are in addition to these Terms of Use, and in the event of a conflict between the two, such special terms shall prevail.Fitwinner can amend these Terms of Use at any time by updating this bulletin. You are bound by any such modifications, and you are obligated to access this page after viewing the Terms of Use Update Announcement to view the updated Terms of Use. If you do not view or continue to access the Fitwinner software after viewing, you are deemed to have received the Fitwinner. Revised Terms of Use.Use of Content        The content on the Fitwinner software, such as text, graphics, images, audio, video and other materials and domain names, slogans, organization and user interface appearance (collectively "content") are subject to Copyright law in the United States and other countries, trademark law and related intellectual property laws are protected and owned or controlled by Fitwinner or third parties who have licensed their Content to Fitwinner. Unauthorized use of the Content may violate the Act of Rights, Trademark Law and related intellectual property laws. If the Fitwinner software is configured to download special "content" from it, you may download such "content" to your non-commercial, home-only personal computer, provided that：

(a) you should retain All copyright notices and other proprietary notices set forth in the original Content
(b) may not be sold, modified, reproduced, or executed in any way for any public or commercial purpose without prior written permission without Fitwinner permission. Distribute or otherwise use the Content
(c) You may not use the Content in a manner that is associated with any of our products, services or brands.         You may not "mirror" any material in any Fitwinner software on any other server without prior written permission from Fitwinner. The use of the Content for any purpose other computer or networked computer environment is prohibited without the express written permission of Fitwinner. The trademarks, logos and service marks ("Marks") displayed on the Fitwinner Software are Fitwinner or Fitwinner related to the rights holder. These marks may not be used without a Fitwinner or express written permission of such rights holders. To learn how to obtain a Fitwinner license to use the Content in its software, please send an email to xxfsswsxnyair@gmail.com.         If the Fitwinner software provides a software download and you download such software, then we or the Fitwinner related rights holder have licensed this software (including but not limited to its generated Or any files integrated with it, images and any accompanying data (collectively, the "Software") are licensed to you for personal, non-commercial use only. We do not transfer ownership of the software to you. You may not distribute, crack, reverse compile, reverse engineer, reverse assemble, or convert the software into a human Fitwinnerable format. Unless specifically stated otherwise in the Terms, Fitwinner hereby disclaims any warranties for the Software, including but not limited to warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement, It is implied, express or statutory.         Fitwinner is not responsible for the following concepts:

(1) software inaccuracies, errors or malfunctions;
(2) due to downloading or using the software or any software Any loss or damage caused by such inaccuracies, errors or malfunctions (including but not limited to any consequential, indirect, incidental, special or exemplary damage). If any of the above provisions are invalid under applicable law, the responsibility for the Fitwinner shall be limited to the maximum extent permitted by law. Public forums and communications        "Public Forum" means the area, site or feature provided as part of the Fitwinner Software for the user to submit content ("User Submissions") for one or more of the Fitwinner Software View by other users, including but not limited to message boards, forums, community environments, chat pages or blogs         You acknowledge that public forums and the features provided in them are used for public rather than private communications, and you do not expect any privacy protection regarding the content submitted by users to public forums. We cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose through these media; you voluntarily file a disclosure and take risks. You should use good judgment when posting information, comments or other content to other users, service providers, Fitwinners or any other third party. You may be liable for any damage caused by other users, Fitwinners or third parties due to any comments, other opinions or other information or content posted on the Fitwinner Software that may cause legal proceedings. The content is not subject to any legal liability, even if the user submits content that is defamatory or may result in legal proceedings.         You are responsible now and in the future for user submissions that you post or that are posted through any public forum for any Fitwinner software and for the consequences of submitting and publishing the same content. We do not have the responsibility to supervise any public forum. You are solely responsible for any damage caused by any infringement of the legal rights of others or for any harm caused by the user's submission. By submitting any material to any Fitwinner Software, you automatically grant or warrant to Fitwinner that the owner of such materials has expressly granted Fitwinner a free, permanent, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to Fitwinner worldwide. Use, copy, modify, adapt, publish, convert, and distribute such materials (in whole or in part), and/or through any form, medium or date known throughout the term of any copyright or other right that may exist in such materials. Or technology developed thereafter integrates it into other works, and you also license any other user to access, view, store or copy material for personal purposes. You hereby grant Fitwinner the right to copy, publish and distribute any material you provide on any Fitwinner Software.         You acknowledge that you use or rely on any User Submissions posted on any public forums at your own risk. For example, we do not accept any responsibility for the opinions, suggestions or recommendations that users send or post on any public forum, and we do not expressly endorse them. We expressly disclaim any liability related to this. We do not confirm or verify the user's eligibility, background or ability or information posted on any public forum. Therefore, we recommend that you exercise caution when using any Fitwinner software or public forums, and you should make reasonable judgments based on common sense. Rules of Conduct: You agree that you will not submit any content of the following nature on any Fitwinner software:         
Content that is defamatory, abusive, harassing, threatening, or intrusive to others' privacy;
            
Paranoia, hatred or racial discrimination or other aggression;
            
Violence, vulgarity, obscenity, pornography or other content that has obvious sexual or harmful nature or that may reasonably be considered harmful to an individual or entity;
            
Illegal or inciting or inciting others to engage in illegal activities or discussions, including the actual or attempt to induce others to engage in child pornography, round-up, sexual assault, fraud, obscenity or pirated material for smuggling, drug trafficking and/or drug abuse, Content of harassment, theft or conspiracy of any criminal activity;
            
Infringement or violation of any third party rights includes: (a) copyright, patents, trademarks, trade secrets or other proprietary or contractual rights; (b) privacy rights (may not be published by others without express permission Any personal information) or image rights; or (c) any confidentiality obligations;
            
Business, business related or notice or offer to sell any product, service or other content (whether profitable or not), or request other content (including solicitation of donations or donations);
            
Content containing viruses or other harmful components or tampering or damaging the Fitwinner software or any connected network, or other content that interferes with the use or enjoyment of Fitwinner software by others or entities: (a) with the specified topic or topic of the relevant public forum (b) Content that violates any specific restrictions applicable to public forums, including age restrictions or procedures or (c) reactionary, destructive or negative content, including the following extensive understanding and use on the Internet The term refers to the nature: "personal attack" (burning), "sending spam" (garbage), "malicious watering" (overflow), "hurricane ignition" (trolling) and "malicious destruction" (malicious destruction). False or misleading.
        We cannot and do not guarantee that other users will comply with the above rules of conduct or any other provisions of these Terms of Use and any other provisions between you and us, and you hereby confirm Bear all risks of injury or damage caused by any such violation.        We reserve the right to refuse to post or transmit or remove any User Submissions in violation of these Terms of Use (including the Code of Conduct) on any Fitwinner Software, but refuses to accept this obligation or responsibility.         Account         Some services on the Fitwinner software allow or require you to create an account to participate in or access other features, services. You agree that at the prompt of our registration process, you will provide, maintain and update the true, accurate, up-to-date and complete information about you ("Registration Data"). You agree that you do not impersonate another person or entity and do not misrepresent identity or relationships with others or entities, including the use of other people's usernames, passwords or other account information or other people's names, portraits, voices, images or photographs. You also agree that once you learn about unauthorized use of your username, password, other account information or other violations of the security of any Fitwinner software, you will immediately send an e-mail to xxfsswsxnyair@gmail.com to notify us.         If you fail to comply with these Terms of Use or any specific terms relating to the Special Services, we may suspend or terminate your account and your ability to use any Fitwinner Software or part thereof.         Responsibility for Fitwinner         Fitwinner software and "content" risks. We make regular changes to the Fitwinner Software and may make changes at any time. Certain "Content" on the Fitwinner Software may be provided by third parties and Fitwinner is not responsible for any such Content provided by third parties.         Fitwinner does not guarantee that the Fitwinner software will function properly, nor does it guarantee that the Fitwinner software or its servers are free of computer viruses or other harmful products. Fitwinner is not responsible for the costs associated with the repair or replacement of equipment or loss of profits or loss of data due to your use of the Fitwinner Software or the Content.         The Fitwinner software and Content are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Fitwinner refuses to grant any protection, including but not limited to its warranties of merchantability, non-infringement of title or third party rights, and warranties of fitness for a particular purpose.         Disclaimer for certain damages         You are solely responsible for the use of the Fitwinner software. If you are dissatisfied with any Content or other content of the Fitwinner Software or this Terms, the only remedy you can enjoy is to stop using the Fitwinner software. In any event, for any damage caused by the use or inability to use the Fitwinner Software and the Content (including but not limited to incidental, disciplinary and consequential damages, loss of profits or damage caused by data loss or business interruption) ), the Fitwinner and Fitwinner software mentions that no third party is liable for damages, whether based on warranties, contracts, infringements or any other legal theory, and whether or not Fitwinner is notified of the possibility of such damage. Some local laws do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you, in the event that such exclusion is permitted to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. Or restrictions still apply.         Links to other software         The Fitwinner software may contain links to third-party software operated by others. Any such link is provided for your convenience only and does not constitute a Fitwinner endorsement of the content on such third party software. Fitwinner is not responsible for the content of the linked third party software and does not address the materials and content on such third party software. Make any warranties or representations about the accuracy or privacy practices of such third parties. If you decide to access the linked third-party software, you do so at your own risk.         Third-party applications         On the Fitwinner software, you may have the opportunity to download third-party developed applications. Fitwinner the content or functionality of these third-party applications or the privacy of such third-party developers The practices are not responsible and no representations or warranties are made. If you decide to download and use any such third party application, you do so at your own risk.         compensation         You agree that in the event of any claim, suit or claim arising out of your alleged or actual breach of these Terms of Use, including but not limited to reasonable attorneys' fees and fees, You should compensate the Fitwinner and its supervisors, directors, employees and agents to protect them from damage and to identify them.         Export Control         The United States and certain other countries have restrictions on the export of products and information. You agree to abide by such restrictions and not export or re-export the Content to countries or individuals prohibited by export control laws. By downloading the Content, you agree that such export is not prohibited in your country and that your country is not listed in the US Department of Commerce Refusal Order Form or the US Treasury Specially Designated Country List . You are responsible for complying with the laws of the local jurisdiction regarding the import, export or export of “content”.         Copyright Policy         Fitwinner respects the intellectual property of others. In accordance with the Fitwinner policy, it may, in its sole discretion, terminate accounts of users who may infringe or repeatedly infringe on the intellectual property rights or other legal rights of others, as appropriate.         To file a notice of infringement with Fitwinner, please provide the following written information to the designated agent below to submit a notice under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA):                 
A personal or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the allegedly infringing proprietary right.
            
A logo of a copyrighted work that is allegedly infringing, or a number of copyrighted works on a software in a notice, a list of such works on the software is required.
            
Identification of the allegedly infringing material, or the identification of the material that is alleged to be the subject of the infringing activity and that will remove or disable its access rights, and information that is reasonably sufficient for the service provider to locate such material.
            
Information that is reasonably sufficient for the service provider to contact the complainant, such as the address, telephone number, and email address (if available) that can be contacted to the complainant.
            
The following statement: The Complainant believes in good faith that the use of such materials by the Complaints has not been authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law.
            
The following statement: The information in the notice is accurate and the owner of the alleged infringement has authorized the complainant to act on his behalf. If he is perjury, he is willing to be punished.
         Fitwinner get permission        The Fitwinner notification bar permission obtained by the Fitwinner application is to push the message to the bracelet when opening the message notification.         The Fitwinner application is used to obtain geographic location to determine the use of different maps in both domestic and foreign situations.         The Fitwinner application obtains the location information for the user to record the user's trajectory and draw a curve when using the start running function.         The Fitwinner application gets the network to determine if an upgrade is required.         The Fitwinner application obtains write storage permissions to save application data.         The Fitwinner application Fitwinners the call status permission in order to be able to push notifications to the bracelet when the phone is calling.         The Fitwinner application Fitwinners SMS permissions in order to push text messages to the bracelet when the phone is texting.         The Fitwinner application Fitwinners contact permissions in order to push reminders to display contact names when new text messages and calls are made.         Fitwinner application software Bluetooth switch permission is to connect the bracelet.       The Fitwinner application uses a camera for the camera to shake the camera.         For more information or to request more information, please call +86 0755 36604684 (calling object: network Administrator), you can also send an email to: xxfsswsxnyair@gmail.com.
